.. note:: In this documentation, the term View mode (sometimes called markdown mode) refers to what is visible from the Door43 access to a specific .md file. When moving to the Edit mode, all lines of the file are visible to support editing. Using the Preview button will, temporarily, take you to View mode, to verify the displayed contents of your edits. The convention of enclosing data descriptions within curly brackets has been used for the discussion below.

Assignments
-----------
1.	An Issue will be created for each letter of the alphabet and assigned to the individual responsible for editing all of the lemmas for that letter.
2.	To access individual lemma files, DO NOT open the contents folder. This has over 6000 folders within it, one per Strong’s Plus ID, and will take considerable time to open. Instead open the ugltoc.md file in the templates folder for a list of the TOC files for each letter, or open the letter’s TOC file: templates/{Greek letter}/{Greek letter}toc.md, e.g. templates/alpha/alphatoc.md. In ugltoc.md, four columns exist for each letter with links to the associated lemma files: “Instances” for words sorted by their instance count, “Word Sort” for words sorted by their Strong’s Plus ID, “Undefined” for the lemmas that are assigned a temporary, undefined Strong’s Plus ID, and “Inserted” for the lemmas which Alan Bunning has pre-assigned for instances that were not in the Abbott-Smith lexicon. For example, for the letter Alpha, the “Instances” file is named templates/alpha/alphainsttoc.md, the “Word Sort” file is named templates/alpha/alphatoc.md, the “Undefined” file is named templates/alpha/alphaundeftoc.md, and the “Inserted” file would be templates/alpha/alphainsrtedtoc.md.

Each letter's toc file lists all of its lemmas across and then down, showing both the Greek word and the Strong’s Plus ID. At the top of the file are links to the UGL toc file and to the “Undefined {Greek letter}” toc file, e.g. templates/alphaundeftoc.md. The latter of these also appears at the bottom of the file, along with a link back to the top of the file. For each letter there are a number of lemmas from the Abbott-Smith lexicon and its parsing that did not have a Strong’s ID, had multiple Strong’s IDs, or had a letter appended to the Strong’s ID. These were arbitrarily assigned a Strong’s Plus ID greater than G99000. As editor for a letter, part of your responsibility is to identify (and possibly create) the Strong’s Plus ID (5 digits long) for each of these. That data, plus any others needed to complete the lemma file, should be entered and the file “committed”. You should then follow the steps for `Creating a New Lemma file <http://unlocked-greek-lexicon-team-info.readthedocs.io/en/latest/lemma.html>`_. 

.. note:: The Strong’s Plus ID referenced above was initially developed by Alan Bunning, where he took the 4-digit Strong’s ID and appended a zero to create a 5-digit ID. This gave him extra IDs to be able to qualify different word forms than the standard Strong’s. We will be using this Strong’s Plus identification for this project.
